This ginseng can grow so big
Look at that.
And his rhizomes are perfectly straight.
How can wild animals have such a growing environment?
I think it looks like it was artificially ripened.
This is my video.
Senior
There are a lot of tricks on the Internet.
Then why do you say we play antiques?
Those who play jadeite and medicinal materials never read it online
That's because through the screen
There are many things you can't tell
Wait a minute, Master Xu
I'm not questioning your authority
But you are Mr. Sheng after all
Mr. Sheng and Yang Ming are as good as brothers
You said this to help Yang Ming out of the siege, right?
That's right, you're all in this together
Must be demeaning my eyes
God, is this thing true or false?
You test
How can I test without equipment?
Why use an instrument for something that can get into people's mouths?
What to do if someone dies?
human life
God, didn't you just say that this wild ginseng
Eating it can prolong life
Raw meat?
Why are you still afraid of eating people's lives?
You really eat your life, Xiao Ming